hi everybody in this video I want to
talk about coming to dragon facts they
come at a dragon also known as the
comedy monitor is a large species of
lizard found in the Indonesian islands
of Commodore Inca Flores Guillemette Ark
and pad are a member of the monitor
lizard family Marlin there it is the
largest living species of lizard growing
to a maximum length of 10 feet or 3
meters and making up to about 150 pounds
or 70 kilograms they're in unusually
large size has been a tribute to Island
giganteum
since no other carnivorous animals fill
the niche of the islands where they live
as a result of their size
this type of lizards dominate the
ecosystems in which they leave comment
dragons hunt an ambush prey including
invertebrates birds and mammals it has
been claimed that they have a venomous
bite there are two glands in the lower
jaw which secretes several different
toxic proteins their group behaviour in
hunting is exceptional in the reptile
world that have become a the Dragons
mainly consist of deer though they also
eat considerable amounts of carrier
Komodo dragons also occasionally attack
humans in the area of West Manggarai
Regency where they live in Indonesia
Komodo dragons made between May and
August and the xl8 in September about 20
eggs are deposited in abandoned mega pod
nests or in a self dark nesting hole the
eggs are incubated for seven to eight
Hatchin in April when insects are most
plentiful young Komodo dragons are
vulnerable and they're called well and
trees safe from predators and
cannibalistic adults they take about
eight to nine years to measure and are
estimated to live up to 30 years the
Komodo dragon uses its tongue to detect
taste and smell stimuli as with many
other reptiles with the vomeronasal
sense using that Jacobson's organ rather
than using their nostrils with the help
of favorable wind and its habit of
swinging its head from side to side as
it walks a common - dragon may be able
to detect carrion from 2.5 to 5.9 miles
or from four to nine point five
kilometers away and that basically it
for Komodo dragon facts if you liked
this video please take a moment and
comment below watch other videos on our
Channel and subscribe to our channel as
well